feat: Implement ykush auxiliary (#225)
eclipse/kiso-testing: docs/whats_new/version_ongoing.rst

This is no longer the case and specifying them in only one auxiliary
will be enough for the loggers to stay enabled.

Ykush Auxiliary
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> Auxiliary that can be used to power on and off the port of an Ykush device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Auxiliary that can be used to power on and off the ports of an Ykush USB Hub.
```

Author: Done
